docs: use per-hook headings on the hooks page (#16396)
sveltejs/kit: documentation/docs/30-advanced/20-hooks.md

Code in these modules will run when the application starts up, making them useful for initializing database clients and so on.

## handle

> > [!NOTE] Declared in `src/hooks.server.js`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE] Can be added to `src/hooks.server.js`
```

During prerendering, SvelteKit crawls your pages for links and renders each route it finds. Rendering the route invokes the `handle` function (and all other route dependencies, like `load`). If you need to exclude some code from running during this phase, check that the app is not [`building`]($app-env#building) beforehand.

> You can define multiple `handle` functions and execute them with [the `sequence` helper function](@sveltejs-kit-hooks).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can define multiple `handle` functions and execute them with the [`sequence`](@sveltejs-kit-hooks) helper function.
```

```js
/// file: src/hooks.server.js
/** @type {import('@sveltejs/kit').Handle} */
export async function handle({ event, resolve }) {
	const response = await resolve(event, {
		transformPageChunk: ({ html }) => html.replace('old', 'new'),
		filterSerializedResponseHeaders: (name) => name.startsWith('x-'),
		preload: ({ type, path }) => type === 'js' || path.includes('/important/')
	});

	return response;
}
```

Note that `resolve(...)` will never throw an error, it will always return a `Promise<Response>` with the appropriate status code. If an error is thrown elsewhere during `handle`, it is treated as fatal, and SvelteKit will respond with a JSON representation of the error or a fallback error page — which can be customised via `src/error.html` — depending on the `Accept` header. You can read more about error handling [here](errors).

> ## locals

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### locals
```

}
```

## handleFetch

> > [!NOTE] Declared in `src/hooks.server.js`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE] Can be added to `src/hooks.server.js`
```

}
```

## handleValidationError

> > [!NOTE] Declared in `src/hooks.server.js`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE] Can be added to `src/hooks.server.js`
```

Be thoughtful about what information you expose here, as the most likely reason for validation to fail is that someone is sending malicious requests to your server.

## handleError

> > [!NOTE] Declared in `src/hooks.server.js` and `src/hooks.client.js`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE] Can be added to `src/hooks.server.js` and `src/hooks.client.js`
```

> [!NOTE] Make sure that `handleError` _never_ throws an error

## init

> > [!NOTE] Declared in `src/hooks.server.js` and `src/hooks.client.js`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE] Can be add to `src/hooks.server.js` and `src/hooks.client.js`
```

> [!NOTE]
> In the browser, asynchronous work in `init` will delay hydration, so be mindful of what you put in there.

## reroute

> > [!NOTE] Declared in `src/hooks.js`, and runs on both server and client

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE] Can be added to `src/hooks.js`; it runs on both server and client
```

> [!NOTE] `reroute` is considered a pure, idempotent function. As such, it must always return the same output for the same input and not have side effects. Under these assumptions, SvelteKit caches the result of `reroute` on the client so it is only called once per unique URL.

## transport

> > [!NOTE] Declared in `src/hooks.js`, and runs on both server and client

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE] Can be added to `src/hooks.js`; it runs on both server and client
```
